ladies and gentlemen welcome
to a new episode of dsp tries it during
a festival celebration
and ladies and gentlemen this time
around
we are doing something weird i mean
seriously
this is gonna be a weird one um i don't
know how it's gonna turn out
to be very frank and honest with all of
you okay
this is something that i saw many months
ago and it was like
and i couldn't believe it existed but
yet nevertheless it does
people have asked for it for a few
months and finally i decided today i
would try it out
ladies and gentlemen we are about to try
out
jack in the box tiny
tacos loaded edition meaning this is the
one that's supposed to come with a bunch
of extra stuff it's not just plain tacos
they come in what looks like a chinese
food box
to-go box okay and just so you know
five bucks for this okay five dollars
now
a little bit of background about me and
jack-in-the-box
and tacos so when i first moved out here
over six years ago to the west coast of
the united states
washington state in particular jack in
the box was everywhere
and i was like wow this is a franchise
of food that's not on the east coast at
all i had never eaten jack-in-the-box
so i had some and i liked the burgers
and i actually like the fact that they
have the choice between regular or curly
fries
but one of the things that was exclusive
to their menu was
fast food tacos now you say oh what
about taco bell well right taco bell
specializes in that kind of americanized
mexican food
but a burger place that does tacos
is weird so i was wondering what they
were
and i got them i think it was like two
for a certain amount of money like two
for a dollar or something like that
so i ended up getting these tacos and
what they ended up being
was this very very deep fried shell
um the best way i could describe it is
it wasn't like a taco shell it was more
almost like you ever had a
um taquito it was like a crunchy taquito
shell but it was shaped like a taco
shell with this greasy ass
meat in it like pure grease you could
see the grease seeping through this
deep-fried taco shell
um and some cheese and lettuce on top
it was almost devoid of flavor when i
bit into it
okay it really didn't taste good at all
it was very bland
and i was like all i could taste was a
mouthful of grease and i thought it was
absolutely revolting and disgusting
and i never ate them ever again so that
was six and a half years ago when i
moved out here
okay um i never even did one on dsp
tries it because i thought it was so
disgusting i never wanted to try that
again
okay so
when i heard that jack of the box was
doing tiny tacos i said oh god
now can you imagine what these are going
to be like i don't know we're going to
see together firsthand before what i
don't understand because i got the
deluxe edition
these tiny tacos are supposed to have
other stuff like sauces on it
as well as like lettuce and stuff in
there i guess we're gonna find out or i
don't even know how many come in here
in this this box very weird now also
they come with a special dipping sauce
it's called creamy avocado lime sauce
and they gave me three of them
three not one not two three so i don't
know if they think there's so many tacos
in here you're gonna need a ton of
dipping sauce but that's a rarity
usually
when you go to a fast food place they
skimp on the sauces they give me a lot
of sauce so i'm curious
if the sauce is any good the other thing
is if these are very very bland
like the regular taco maybe you need a
ton of sauce to actually give it flavor
and that's why they give you a lot
okay now they also give me a fork
i don't know if we'll be using this or
not i don't know how you're supposed to
eat a taco with a fork
that's a first for me okay so the first
thing i like to do
is open this box
and see what we've got inside
okay um here we go
oh no
oh
oh my god
look at doesn't that just look
absolutely
appetizing to you oh yeah
what the [ __ ] is that
oh my god
it is absolutely gross looking
i mean they basically took the shredded
lettuce that they probably put on
certain sandwiches
and they dumped it on top of these tiny
tacos and then they poured
sauces on top of it i don't even know
what that is what are those sauces
i holy [ __ ]
kooby contract says or could be contact
says now oh no contract
he says now we don't want to give you
the fork yeah how the hell i might
suppose oh my god
what the hell dude well
the first thing i will do is attempt to
eat something off the top and see
like maybe what this look at this
why why would they do this
this is lettuce with with some kind of
sauce right
oh my god
i can't even like for here i'm gonna try
to eat this
oh yeah i love hot lettuce
so that's weird spicy it's a spicy sauce
it's like really spicy
this is just bizarre now here's a taco
itself
it's completely soggy look at this it's
completely disgustingly soggy it's
dripping
it's gross it's absolutely nasty
yes i'm actually going to try to eat
this thing are you guys ready for this
[Laughter]
here we go
oh
oh my god well first of all
i feel i should show you what the other
tacos look like now
look at this let me get the camera to
show it
i can't show what the hell there's
cheese sauce between the tacos
smeared all over them okay cheese sauce
so what it looks to me like they did
they took these tiny tacos that were
plain
they put them in the box they take a
cheese sauce and squirt it everywhere
between the tacos
and then a hot sauce and they squirt
that all over the tacos and they toss
lettuce in it
and that's your box of tiny tacos
you see the cheese all over it now see
that so when i
ate it i tasted a ton of cheese sauce
that's what it tasted like a ton of
cheese sauce
and it tasted exactly the same as the
ground beef from taco bell
that's exactly what it tastes like
so if you like taco bell standard tacos
this is close it actually tastes like
the same cheese sauce and the same
ground beef from taco bell tacos
but it's not good like taco bell tacos
are not great
in fact i think the regular taco taco is
disgusting
the only way you can really have it make
it edible is if you make it like deluxe
what do they call it the supreme where
they add tomatoes and sour cream and all
that
then it tastes a little better the
standard taco bell taco is just salty
and gross
okay so
yeah now now i'm gonna have one more and
then i'm gonna try the sauce that they
gave me for it
but i wanted to this one here
is absolutely saturated in sauce on both
sides
and has [ __ ] dangling all over it so i'm
going to try this one
oh
wow okay then all i can taste
is the meat and salt and that's it like
even though
they did actually actively try to put
more stuff in there you can't taste all
you taste is the salty meat
that's it so there you go and
you know what like a little bit of
aftertaste like the tortilla because the
you know the tacos are made of this
tortilla shell or whatever
a little bit of an aftertaste of that
okay
and that's about it by the way thank you
a bunch of people have cheered for a
hype train thank you i'll give shout
outs after
the episode ends so that's the loaded
tiny tacos
now creamy avocado lime dipping sauce
okay
i can get it open
it smells tangy okay it has a tangy
smell to it that's what it looks like
look at that
okay maybe this will actually add
additional flavor to the tiny tacos and
make them better
um i'm gonna do this on the plate so as
not to make a ginormous mess in my
office which would be disgusting
although i guarantee you that my office
is gonna smell like
like these tacos for about a week now
that they're in here
okay so i'm gonna think before i can try
to stab a taco
okay i did it actually went right
through look at that
and i'm gonna try to dip the taco in the
sauce
oh yeah cause it doesn't have enough
[ __ ] on it i'll take a bite off the end
so i don't taste any avocado whatsoever
they're acting like oh avocado sauce on
a taco must be like guacamole
right oh [ __ ] no this does not taste
like guacamole at
all okay
it's got a creaminess to it but the
creaminess itself
tastes more like like like mayonnaise or
something like that
and it does have a tang to it but it
doesn't taste like lime either
it definitely has a tanginess and a
creaminess but there's no actual flavors
of avocado or lime in this sauce at all
exactly what i got what happened
happened look
a piece of the taco broke off into the
sauce
making a huge mess it's nice to touch
with my hand
and all that all over me which exactly i
knew was gonna happen
i mean good lord
oh so
wow
so i mean what four three i wasn't
counting [ __ ]
i don't know how many i actually ate
because i wanted to count how many you
get
there's a lot in here and honestly
there's a lot i see another one
two three four five
six seven eight there's nine more in
here
holy [ __ ] yeah look one
two three four five six
seven eight nine 10 there's
10 more in here at least
at least now here's the problem though
okay as you get closer to the bottom of
the box they're crammed in there
and the ones at the bottom i could tell
you have no sauce or anything on them
everything is crammed in at the top of
the box
so the further in you eat the less
flavor you'll get you'll just get the
the saltiness of the meat and you won't
get any hot sauce you won't get any
cheese flavor
it's all loaded on the top half of the
box
so just the way that they give these to
you it's not great
maybe it would be better if they like
did it maybe give you tacos and they
gave you all the sauces and you can
combine them yourself or dip them
yourself
but this is just a big mess
is what this is a giant mess okay
good god i i knew this was gonna be
weird i didn't think it would be this
weird this is
bizarre so oh my god look at this
so oh dripped off i'll have one just
like this then i'll have one more with
sauce
see i almost got a hint of hot sauce
flavor
but then it's just completely
overpowered by salty salty meat
that salty instant meat that they make
what is it we may not
you may not realize is the meat at taco
bell is not real meat it's dehydrated
and they hydrate it by adding water
and then it becomes like the meat you
get in the taco it's not like real
ground beef they make there
and so oh my god only iced coffee just
just dropped a 20 sub bomb if you guys
can believe it holy crap
you're going to start seeing pop-ups any
moment here i bet on the stream
so thank you for that it's only iced
coffee they're gonna probably start
popping up any moment here
um so
they all seriously they're making an
effort to make these have flavor
by adding all these sauces cheese it
literally just tastes like that
dehydrated salty meat from a taco bell
taco and nothing else maybe
a little bit of tortilla flavor for when
you bite it
it crunches you get a little bit of
tortilla all right i'm gonna try one
more i'm gonna dip into the sauce here
okay and then i'm gonna give you my
verdict
and by the way to remind you fifteen
dollars for what appears to be between
maybe ten to fifteen of these
i've eaten four or five now and there
were still like nine or ten left in the
box so it's about ten to fifteen i would
say
in each box maybe just how many they can
fit in there i don't know
okay
one more one more for do it for the team
right
the team effort [ __ ]
okay
avocado lime sauce yeah right
zero avocado zero line just creaminess
and a little bit of tang and tons of
salty taste of the meat and that's it
that's it no other flavor
i'll tell you this even though the sauce
isn't what it claims to be
even though the sauce isn't what it
claims to be okay
it actually does complement the flavor
of the of the salty meat
because it gives it a creaminess and a
tanginess that it doesn't have it beats
it cuts through the salt flavor
and gives you some variety and flavor i
don't even go as far to say
they purposely made this to make this
better
because they knew this by itself was
almost devoid of flavor even with all
the sauces on it
they knew this was almost devoid of
flavor okay
my god
what restaurant is this jack-in-the-box
now i don't even wanna
i don't even wanna think about
what health factor this is like can you
imagine
15 small fried tacos with a bunch of
[ __ ] piled on top
and then a creamy sauce on the side this
has got to be like
this alone has to be at least a thousand
calories for your day
and it's probably mostly fat calories
because it's mostly deep fried stuff
right i can't imagine this they should
call this the artery buster
right this will this will
definitely clog your [ __ ] veins man
like this is bad stuff right here
um i cannot recommend first of all
before i review it i can't recommend to
any human eat this
this is bad okay this is
way bad for you the concept
of 15 tiny tacos is insanely bad for you
i can't i can't recommend anyone try it
all right
now actually talking about reading the
flavors
okay it's not horrible
in fact i would go as far to say these
actually for me tasted a little better
than i remember the flavor of that taco
that i ate six years ago
and i think the reason is because i'm
not eating a big ass taco
and i'm not biting and getting an insane
giant mouthful of these ingredients
it's little digestible bites you can fit
one taco kind of in your mouth
okay and that's okay it's not oh my god
it's just bland bland salt salt
you know what i mean um i do taste the
loaded version
i do taste a little bit of the cheese
sauce in a couple of the tacos
and then others i didn't at all probably
because the cheese sauce there's no
possible way
that this could could be covered in
cheese the entire thing
um just this the idea of putting them in
a box like this there's no way you're
going to get even distribution
of the sauces and the lettuce and the
lettuce is a joke there's absolutely no
reason to put lettuce on this at all
i think what it is they wanted to
present it as a truly different product
than the plain ones
and they don't want to make the excuses
oh we just took two bottles of it
and squirted all over it they want to
act like they did something to it so
they'd sprinkle lettuce in there too
when in reality
that lettuce adds absolutely nothing to
these tiny tacos at all besides a mess
a big added mess okay the other thing
that i think i should call out i'm
moving this around actively look i'm
shaking it
i'm doing stuff with it they're not
moving you notice that right
they are so caked in there with grease
and sauce they're not look
there's no they are like one one
congealed unit in there that is
[ __ ] nasty that is really bad
okay the sauce itself is not creamy lime
avocado sauce
that is excuse me creamy avocado lime
sauce that is
cream like the creaminess you would
taste from a mayo
and a little bit of tanginess it doesn't
taste like an avocado or a lime
but this sauce does complement the
flavor of the taco which is
overpoweringly
salty meat so that works well with it
i would say if they ever did like a
burger they were going for like a what
what
someone like a california burger would
actually add an avocado on a burger
and they put this sauce on there it
would actually probably go pretty well
but
it's nice it's basically completely fake
okay so
five dollars the thing is if you were to
actually sit here and eat all
15 of these things this actually might
be quite filling
this is a lot of food and i would say
it's on par with a giant burger
that you would get for like five dollars
okay
so for me number one is this something
that i would actively uh it's five
dollars did i say 15
earlier no no this is five dollars not
15 guys my bad did i say 15
earlier no no no five dollars it's five
dollars for this
to make it clear i don't want anyone to
get a misconception in my review here
that it's way more expensive than i than
it is
it's five dollars okay for all of these
and the sauce so
first of all plain versus loaded
it's nice to have cheese sauce and hot
sauce in there but
the lettuce is terrible and it's too
messy
they definitely should have done it
separate they should have had if you
want it loaded will provide you with hot
sauce and cheese sauce to dip them in
forget the lettuce this is an awful idea
i would think probably the plane
is an easier experience to eat
and wouldn't be as much of a pain in the
ass and a giant mess okay
just saying so i'm gonna go with if
you're gonna get them i would maybe get
the plane not the loaded because this is
a huge mess
um value five dollars is a good amount
of food fifteen of these little things
for five dollars is not not bad but
quality
is bad these are
terrible they all you can taste is salty
meat
it tastes exactly like the taco bell
meat which does not taste good by the
way
um the sauce does not taste like is what
they say it is
even though the sauce complements it
it's still it's still not a great taste
let's put it that way
is it bad oh my god my stomach i'm
grossed out no
but it's not a good taste either it's
kind of like meh if you want
cheesy saltiness mess grease
you can get this but on my right mind
there's no way
i could recommend this to someone to go
to jack in the box and buy this
this is asking for a [ __ ] heart
attack in a box
and it's also absolutely disgusting
looking and it's not good tasting
so i'm gonna give the jack-in-the-box
loaded mini tacos
a 1.5 out of five it's that bad
okay and the only reason it gets a 1.5
actual value it is a good amount of food
for five dollars it's heavy it's a lot
of them
um and that's about it if this box were
like not even full to the top this would
be like a zero out of five
so that is terrible do not eat
i'm glad that's not that's not all that
i bought because i'm hungry and i don't
want to eat any more of those
i'm gonna go have the sandwich that i
actually bought but for dsp tries it
the jack in the box loaded mini tacos
1.5
out of 5 absolutely revolting stay away
thank you guys for watching dsp tries it
i thought you would like that episode
i'll see you next time